docs: update html.tags `append` introduce (#1938)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: packages/document/docs/en/config/html/tags.mdx

  hash?: boolean | string | ((url: string, hash: string) => string);
  /** @default true */
  publicPath?: boolean | string | ((url: string, publicPath: string) => string);
  /**

>    * Add this tag to the end / beginning of the original tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Sets the insertion position of the current tag relative to the original tags.
   * If set to `true` it will be inserted after the original tags, if set to `false` it will be inserted before the original tags.
```
